[light music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[tense music]
[clinks]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Vincenzo] Ms. Hong.
Do you really want to win this case?
Of course. I hate losing.
[sighs]
I'm thinking we should come up
with a new witness.
They've managed to block
all of them so far.
Producing another witness
would take a miracle.
I know, and you're looking at it.
You would be the witness?
The only problem is
you can only be a witness
if you have direct ties to the case.
All you have to do is get me in.
Then it's up to me to get myself ready.
[gasps]
[squealing]
[laughs]
Do you recall you promised
that if an opportunity came up,
you would let me show you a trick or two?
I don't recall that.
I think you do.
This needs to be dramatic.
That's my thing.
[suspenseful music]
[mouthing]
Ow.
Your Honor, Vincenzo Cassano
for the plaintiffs.
[Judge Heo] Vincenzo Cassano?
He really doesn't like Babel.
He messed their guys up.
[Cha-young]
He's a witness and an assailant.
EPISODE 7
[Judge Heo] What? An assailant?
I don't follow you.
Babel Chemicals neglected to report
an assault against their employees.
As the assailant, my witness's testimony
is essential to this matter.
[Cha-young] We've uncovered significant
illegal activity going on
between Babel Chemicals
and the doctor at Haemun.
We're in a position to strike.
So we just need to use you
as the element of surprise.
We could surprise the hell out of them
but it still could be denied.
Right. So we need to get a foolproof idea.
[Vincenzo sighs]
Then, I must be a witness
that they cannot reject.
A witness or an assailant…
with vital evidence.
[indistinct chatter]
[man scoffs]
Those victims and their families
are driving me nuts.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Settle and be done with it.
[director] Those goddamn bastards
are trying to get more money out of this.
-Hey!
-[bangs on table]
[chair clatters]
Babel's New Materials
Development director.
-Team leader, project manager. Am I right?
-Huh?
And you are?
You all tried to downplay
your researchers' contamination,
but BLSD caused it when you
and your sewage disposal system failed.
You have no idea
what you're talking about.
[sucks teeth]
[director] Are you a reporter?
-[sighs]
-[team leader] Do you know that guy?
[director] I've never seen him.
-Who wants to be first? Huh?
-You need to shut your mouth.
-[loud thwack]
-[director] Hey, hey. Whoa! Whoa!
[dishes clatter]
[team leader] Hey.
What the hell are you doing?
[grunts]
Hey, asshole!
[both grunt]
[customers clamoring]
-[loud thumps]
-[groans]
[director] Somebody get him out of here!
-[director] Hit him!
-[grunting]
[panicked shouts]
-[director] Anyone, please! Make him stop.
-[man] He's crazy!
[sighs]
Sir, he's an advisor to the plaintiffs
and assaulted Babel employees,
therefore, his testimony should be banned.
Babel Chemicals' disposal protocols
are lax.
They exposed their researchers to BLSD
so they could save
on hazardous material disposal.
They knew that BLSD is harmful to humans.
-Objection, Your Honor.
-[Vincenzo] Adding insult to injury,
they lied and blamed their
employee's medical history
for diseases caused by exposure--
[Judge Heo] The court
hasn't allowed you to testify yet.
I still haven't decided
if I should put you on the stand or not.
[Vincenzo] Your Honor…
If you're looking for a reason,
this should help.
-[crowd murmur]
-[Judge Heo] What's that?
[Vincenzo] Evidence.
Babel Chemicals' New Materials Development
director's cell phone.
The text message is saved here…
[inhales deeply]
…clearly show that the company
covered up the incident
and threatened the victims.
-[director] No, no. Please, no.
-[employees whimper]
[director] Oh, enough! Leave us alone!
-Ah…
-What are you doing?
[team leader] Please, stop it!
-Ah…
-[all whimpering]
-[grunts]
-[panicked chatter]
You're next.
-Hands up.
-[policeman] What's going on?
[team leader]
Somebody must have called them.
-[policeman] Did you assault them?
-Yes, I did.
[policeman] Take him in.
[foreboding music]
-[clicks]
-[screams, grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo whimpers]
BABEL CHEMICALS
[groans]
Oh. Oh…
That nearly did me in.
[breathing heavily]
Oh, my goodness.
[sighs]
[Vincenzo] After the assault,
a Babel Chemical employee
who happened to be at the restaurant
found the cell phone on the floor
and went through it,
to find the owner,
and he saw the messages.
He gave us the phone
when he realized
how incriminating it was.
-[Joon-woo chuckling]
-We object.
They gained access to the phone
through illegitimate means, Your Honor.
It should be disallowed.
I assure you, Mr. Cassano strictly uses
legitimate methods.
WITNESS
[grunts]
PLAINTIFF
Like it or not, it is admissible.
[Joon-woo clears throat]
[mouthing]
-What are they doing?
-[nervous chuckle]
[whispers]
Stop it.
[Judge Heo] Well…
[clears throat]
[Vincenzo] Your Honor…
Would it be possible to call an ambulance?
-Why?
-[Vincenzo] Because when this is over,
Dr. Gil Jong-moon will need one
after I beat him to a pulp.
-[Seung-hyuk] Did he just… Hold on.
-Me?
-[scoffs]
-[crowd murmuring]
Mr. Cassano, make another threat
in my court,
and I will escort you out of here myself.
Director Gil Jong-moon lied to the victims
about their illness.
He told them it was their fault
when he knew BLSD causes leukemia
which is a life-threatening illness.
[Myung-hee] Your Honor,
the supposed witness,
Vincenzo Cassano, is not a doctor.
He has no right
undermining Dr. Gil's reputation
that's taken him decades to build
through excellence in medicine.
Excellent point.
I will only accept the opinions
of true medical experts on this matter.
-Excellent!
-There she goes again.
[Cha-young] That's why I call forth a
medical expert as my new surprise witness.
-Another one? This is very unusual.
-[crowd murmur]
Witness, the floor is yours.
[tense music]
-Sweetheart?
-Your wife?
[all gasp]
[crowd murmuring]
I'll take care of it.
[indistinct chatter]
-Why? Honey?
-Excuse me.
[Seung-hyuk] Uh, Dr. Kim, where…
Hello?
Did you know about this?
[suspenseful music]
[Cha-young] Our expert witness,
Your Honor, Dr. Kim Yeo-won,
Director of the Sungwon University
Hospital, Pediatric Cancer Center,
and the renowned expert
in the fight against leukemia.
Objection. Request to deny the witness.
We don't need any more medical testimony.
Our expert witness has evidence
of recent perjury.
-Director Gil lied and we can prove it.
-[scoffs]
[whispers]
Disavow.
I will…
[chuckles]
…let you present it.
[gasps]
Yeo-won!
[Judge Heo] You may stay
out during her testimony!
What is this?
Why are you doing this, honey?
-Sweetheart! Hey, that's my wife!
-[bailiff] You need to come with me.
-[Dr. Gil] Honey!
-[bailiff] This way, please.
-[bailiff grunts]
-Yeo-won!
[groans]
Doctor, go ahead and take the oath.
I swear.
Because the enemy of my enemy
is my friend.
So we need to look for someone
who despises Gil Jong-moon then.
-[Vincenzo] Hmm…
-Who doesn't?
He should have tons of enemies.
Haemun employees or associates?
Anyone whose job is at stake
won't wanna get involved.
But he's a pillar of the community
outside the hospital.
Let's look on the home front too.
Keep your friends close…
and your enemies closer, remember?
-Hmm?
-Come on, it's so obvious, Ms. Hong.
You lose her heart, you win her fury.
[quirky music]
[Vincenzo]
Look into Gil Jong-moon's personal life.
[tranquil music]
[Vincenzo] A wise person once said…
that one should look at art and war
from a distance.
You'll appreciate this more
from a little further back.
[edgy music]
Delacroix used the colors that represent
freedom, equality and fraternity
in three areas of this painting.
The flag in Liberty's hand,
on the man's belt right there,
his white undershirt and his blue shirt.
And the background,
up at the top of Notre Dame Cathedral.
The dress she's wearing
doesn't look like the typical French dress
of the day.
The dress is symbolic also.
Delacroix dressed her in a Grecian style.
Libertas, goddess of freedom.
It's highly reminiscent.
A powerful struggle by a remarkable woman
leading the charge
for her Pediatric Cancer Center
against the hostile board.
-Should I know you?
-[inhales sharply]
I've read about you, Dr. Kim.
I'm Vincenzo Cassano.
It's nice to meet you.
[mysterious music]
DIRECTOR GIL'S SLUSH FUND RECORDS
PERSONAL TRANSACTIONS
[paper rustling]
The affair, I knew.
And that he was secretly preparing
to file for divorce.
But…
I didn't know
he had this much money put away.
More than breaching your trust,
what I find really appalling
is the man's complete lack of respect
for your brilliance.
How would you like me to help you?
We need our own expert medical testimony
to refute your husband's claims.
I'm not embarrassing myself
at this trial for you.
Not for nothing.
We'll trade for your expertise.
We'll handle your divorce
and ensure your husband's assets
are safely transferred
to his brilliant ex-wife.
[cup clinks]
[tense music]
I do have one condition.
Let's hear it.
Do you like opera, Mr. Cassano?
[chuckles]
Opera is just the purest joy
that I can imagine.
[opera music]
Great.
Then take me to the opera.
[inhales deeply]
[in Italian] Cheers to your beautiful
and alluring eyes.
UCLA Medical Center's Dr. Ramos
corresponded with Dr. Gil
regarding recommended treatment
for BLSD exposure.
Here, he admits the improper
hazardous waste disposal
was a source of contamination,
and identifies BLSD as the cause
of the victim's leukemia.
The e-mails clearly show he was
discussing lax safety procedures.
Reading your spouse's e-mails
without consent
violates the Telecommunications Act.
This was wrongfully appropriate
and inadmissible.
She didn't read the e-mails.
Dr. Ramos copied her on them.
Hmm?
What? What?
[Dr. Kim] I'm an expert.
Dr. Ramos and I went to school together.
We often help each other out.
He wanted my opinion on BLSD.
He sent the e-mails that my own husband
had written to get my opinion.
Uh, then why did you neglect to mention it
to your husband?
I needed to protect his ego, counselor.
If he had known it came from me,
our precious doctor's pride
would get hurt.
[Judge Heo]
In order to verify the witness's testimony
and clear up any contradictory
expert opinions,
I will call the defendant's witness.
What's his name?
-[male judge] Gil Jong-moon.
-Gil Jong-moon to the stand.
I'd like to go over it all once more.
It's so confusing.
[screams]
[crowd gasp]
[all murmuring]
-Go to the witness stand.
-Yes, sir.
What's the matter with you?
I'm your husband.
[suspenseful music]
I forgot.
He had this.
I believe the plaintiffs
might see it as a bonus.
This was in his desk,
down in the far back corner.
I thought it was salt you put on a sundae.
But it's actually methamphetamine,
Your Honor.
He is a doctor.
How could he be so reckless?
Babel Chemicals expert witness
uses methamphetamine, sir.
His tainted medical opinion
is hardly admissible.
-[bangs on table]
-That's not mine.
You can't prove it!
Calm down, sweetie.
-It's just the drug's topping.
-What?
Roll up the junkie's sleeves, please.
It has been brought
to our attention that it's highly likely
Gil Jong-moon injected Lee U-yeong
with an intravenous dose
of methamphetamines.
He's currently in recovery,
but once the drug charges are dropped,
he's free to testify about his illness
and how he suffered exposure.
[Vincenzo] That's right.
The components
of individual drugs may vary
-depending on manufacturers--
-Stop this nonsense!
We are absolutely positive
that the drug compound found
in Lee U-yeong's blood
will match perfectly with…
the doctor's meth.
I already warned you not to talk
unless you were sworn in, sir.
-[Vincenzo] Sorry.
-[Dr. Gil grunts]
How can you do this
to someone who loves you?
[laughs]
Hey! I get that you're smart. Okay?
But it is not very smart
to try to ruin everything
we built together.
Including my brilliant career!
Doctor! Refrain from throwing a tantrum
unless it's relevant to the case.
[Judge Heo] Now be quiet
and go back to your seat.
[crowd gasp]
What are you doing?
-[all gasp]
-You prick, that hussy can have you.
But she might not want you…
when I freeze your accounts, asshole.
[Judge Heo]
Doctors, this is a court of law.
I will not tolerate
such inappropriate language.
So you're pissed off, I get it,
but, honey, we could have handled
all of this in private
instead of here, in public,
with a microphone!
[feedback noise]
You should stay down
before I knock you out.
What?
-[loud thump]
-[all gasp]
-[mic thwacking]
-[grunts]
[sighs]
[bailiff] Ma'am.
[feedback noise]
-[bailiff] Calm down.
-[Dr. Kim] Let go.
You want some too?
-[crowd gasp]
-[Dr. Kim] Anyone else?
-[crowd murmur]
-[applause]
[Judge Heo] Enough!
Not in my courtroom!
[exhales sharply]
[Han-seo] Vin… Vin… Vincunzo…
Vincenzo Cassano.
A couple of weeks ago,
I met him at my gym.
He acted as a spotter.
He just sort of showed up,
talked about a bunch of people
I never heard of,
grabbed his water, and then he left.
[Joon-woo sighs]
Then he probably figured out
how stupid you are.
No.
The guy was just so obvious.
I answered a bunch of nonsense
-and that really threw him off.
-[Joon-woo] Forget it.
Just call a press conference.
What are we announcing?
Babel Chemicals was wrong,
BLSD is gone, and we're sorry.
We'll offer the victims generous payouts
and punish the morons at management later.
Remember to bow at the end.
Right.
Babel Tower, how's that going?
There are some issues
slowing down demolition but we'll make it.
Just shut up and bring the bulldozers.
Babel Tower will guarantee our future.
Government officials, prosecutors, judges,
will be sharing office space
in our building.
I'll get to it the minute I'm back
in the office, I promise.
I'm aware it's hard for you,
but fake till you make it. Got it?
Got it.
Thanks, boss.
-Damn it!
-[gasps]
[Cha-young hums]
[Vincenzo] If Babel is smart,
they'll want to settle sooner than later.
[Cha-young] I agree.
They'll try to settle this,
so it doesn't turn into a criminal case.
So, what's your next move?
Making sure the victims get their due.
I'll go to criminal court if I have to.
This could have dragged on for years,
we took a couple of weeks.
Good work.
Oh! You don't have to be
so formal, you know.
[scoffs]
Now, tell me what you need.
What do I need?
Yes. You had a huge role in the win.
And I'm big on giving thank-you gifts
to my associates.
I pick whatever I want?
Yeah. It's all good.
Okay.
Please don't be shy.
[engine revving]
[horns honking]
[tires screech]
[Myung-hee grunts]
Do you know what Babel's gonna pay
for this fiasco?
Seven hundred sixty million dollars!
-[screams]
-[gasps]
[Joon-woo] I'm already
past 200km per hour.
Should I start spinning donuts?
You like donuts?
-Please, don't.
-[groans]
-[tires screech]
-[both shriek]
[engine revving]
[tranquil music]
Whether it's a Booralro
or some other brand,
you should wear something besides suits.
It's sort of fun to mix it up
and you'd be more in style.
I prefer classic.
It goes with the classic good looks.
[sighs]
That ego.
How many are we buying?
You're buying.
And ten sounds good.
Hmm?
[quirky music]
Why so many?
If you're not up for it, we can go.
No. Ten is good.
-You sure?
-Of course.
[quirky music continues]
Sir. You know, I'm totally envious.
It's like a model wandered into the store.
I'll hold my breath for you
and stand perfectly still like a dummy
for three seconds.
You'll hold your breath for three seconds?
Please don't puff out your chest too much.
[quirky music]
[scoffs]
[clangs]
Most of my sample suits
are made in your size.
-I'll bring them out for you?
-Sounds good.
[tailor] Okay.
[chimes]
[idyllic music]
[tailor clapping]
[tailor whooping]
[whooping continues]
[tailor clapping]
Um, so, Ms. Hong, what do you think?
[snores]
[soft chuckle]
A sample suit's okay with you?
This is perfect for me. Thanks again.
For you.
-A present?
-Just open it.
This is to celebrate our non-partnership.
[chuckles]
It's not really the font I'd pick,
but I appreciate it.
Make fun of me, why don't you?
Well, give it back then.
You don't like it? Give it!
-Give it back to me right now.
-[clears throat]
Let's move.
I'm all shopped out.
[car revving]
[tires screech]
[both groaning]
-Wait.
-[Joon-woo] Stay in the car!
Okay. I'm staying. I'm staying.
Okay, okay, I got it, I got it.
-[Joon-woo sighs]
-[Seung-hyuk] Sir?
[ominous music]
Boss. Boss?
Uh, I will… I will do my best. Okay?
[Seung-hyuk gasps]
[Seung-hyuk] Calm down.
What are you doing? Should I help you?
[gasps]
I think it's a niner.
[whimpers]
-[thwacking]
-[Seung-hyuk gasps]
[grunting]
[pants]
Batshit crazy Jang.
[ominous music]
-Get out
-Oh, I… I got it. I got it.
[grunts]
Okay. I got it.
[Joon-woo] Am I dreaming?
I've never lost twice in a row
in my life. Ever.
[scoffs]
This isn't real.
What is this?
-Huh?
-Well, it's, um…
Well, I'm… I'm so sorry.
Um… uh…
It never occurred to me that they
would bring in Director Gil's wife
to testify against him.
It's never happened.
I underestimated them,
and that gave them
the element of surprise.
[sighs]
[tense music]
You would have been able to figure it out,
if your methods weren't so old-fashioned.
You guys have zero creativity.
It's depressing.
-It really is.
-We know.
-It needs to change.
-Yes.
Uh, I'll put a new committee
in charge of creativity together.
[chuckles]
-Are you kidding me?
-[nervous chuckle]
Creativity is something you're born with
and that bastard Cassano
got too much of it!
About him, do you have any information
about Mr. Cassano?
Just that he has a spotless record.
The guy might as well be invisible.
[sighs]
Get Hong Cha-young.
Take her freedom, her money,
car, license, everything.
I'll be taking care of Vincenzo.
And the Namdongbu Office,
I'll get that too.
It would be my honor to get them.
-You can buy those guys off?
-Please give me a chance to prove myself.
[Joon-woo] Chance?
-Chances are for those who proved worthy.
-[Myung-hee] I am worthy.
-I swear I won't disappoint you.
-I'm giving you…
three days.
[tense music]
[clattering]
Do you seriously expect me to win
with this garbage you came up with, huh?
Why don't you admit it?
You subpar assholes
are trying to destroy my career.
-Sorry, ma'am.
-[all] Sorry.
Are you? That's it?
-Will you say that at my funeral too? Huh?
-[grunts]
[whimpers]
I apologize.
[Myung-hee yells]
All of you, just drop whatever you're on.
One hundred percent of your efforts
go to Cha-young's work here.
The calls she make,
what she researched, printed,
the meal she had, what she drank,
snack breaks, every cup of tea.
Get me everything. Got it?
[all] Yes, ma'am.
Get out! You're excused.
[huffs]
[puffs]
[clears throat]
-[phone beeps]
-[exhales]
So glad you answered, sir.
It's Myung-hee.
[U-yeong]
Thank you so much for everything.
Thank you, and Merciful Buddha.
Our wishes and wisdom from Buddha,
gave much inspiration
to your hearts and mine.
It's amazing. There's no other way
to describe all of this.
-You just steam-rolled right over them.
-Our research made all the difference.
-[Cha-young] That's true.
-[Hui-su] Listen to you,
-taking all the credit.
-[all laugh]
[Gi-seok] This man defeated Goliath.
The things he's able to accomplish,
I can't even predict.
[Toto] You should come by the restaurant.
I decided to try some new recipes
from Tuscany.
Or I'll just maybe make you both
a nice cup of coffee.
[chuckles]
Are you all free for a meeting tomorrow?
Well, I guess that would depend
on what the meeting's about.
I'd like to give you an update.
I have good news.
Things with the new building
are looking good.
[quirky music]
[Cha-young] He said it's good news.
Why are you all so quiet?
-[Hui-su] So much good news.
-[Mr. Lee] That's right.
-[Hui-su] It's a lot to take.
-[laughter]
-Isn't it? We should all be good, though.
-True.
-Yeah, of course.
-[Mr. Lee] Sure.
Does eleven o'clock work for you?
-[Mr. Lee] Eleven tomorrow?
-[Mi-ri] Let me think.
I think we have that thing in the morning.
-Tomorrow…
-Do we have to, uh, go to that thing?
-Yes, we had that appointment.
-I knew you'd remember.
-[Yeon-jin] We booked it long ago.
-[Mr. Lee] Right. It took forever too.
-[Yeon-jin and Mr. Lee laugh]
-[phone buzzes]
TEAM LEADER NA OF BABEL E&C
They told me no more stalling.
I tried everything I could think of,
I swear.
-Think harder.
-[Deok-jin] I…
I have to follow through.
The order came from the Chairman's office
earlier today.
He said if I don't demolish the Plaza
by next week,
he'll fire me and supervise it himself.
-Next week?
-Yes, that's all.
Seven days. One little week.
And for your information,
the mistress is ancient history.
I took your advice and ended it.
I really do a lot more with my family now.
We go camping every weekend.
[chuckles]
Oh, we grill shrimp on the campfire,
torch marshmallows, we play the guitar.
I really don't know what to do.
Keep going camping with your wife.
-Huh?
-[Vincenzo] Oh.
And no more mistresses.
Or you'll be dead for real.
[phone buzzes]
-[Deok-jin] Right.
-Yes, Mr. Cho.
[Deok-jin] We went to Eurwangni last week.
That's the professor?
Yes.
[clears throat]
He teaches architecture in Tokyo
but he's Korean-Japanese.
He's pretty sure
we can access the safe room
with minimal structural damage.
You explained the building's condition,
right?
Of course. Some of the buildings
he's worked on are over a century old.
You sure he can be trusted?
[Mr. Cho] Yes. I can vouch for him.
When is he available?
Since our time is tight,
I've asked him to come this evening.
[chuckles]
Tonight.
That really helps us. Thanks.
-[Mr. Hwang] What?
-[glass shatters]
[gasps]
[Mr. Hwang] How dare you?
You're trying to compare me
to those measly judges
on your payroll, huh?
-[Seung-hyuk chuckles nervously]
-Uh, sir, I misspoke.
I'm not trying… You're above reproach
on that matter.
Uh, what we're offering
would be a partnership
for your future political aspirations.
What? Babel is buying
the next presidential election?
Well, anything is possible
with your talent,
so why not president, sir?
[Mr. Hwang] Shut your mouth.
There is no reason for either of you
to be interested in my future.
Babel is sneaky as hell, huh?
Chairman Jang thinks highly of you.
He often professes
his admiration, actually.
Enough!
Both of you need to shut up!
I'm about to throw the two of you
in prison.
Babel and Wusang are skating
on some very thin ice. Got it?
You cannot buy me.
If we could explain. Um…
[sighs]
Ms. Choi, you're a lot better than this.
If you could give us more…
[ominous music]
[sighs]
[groans]
That did not go well.
[grunts]
This can't be.
[exhales]
[shrieks]
[breathing heavily]
-[Vincenzo whistles]
-[electricity crackles]
-[whistling continues]
-[man cackles]
[maniacal laugh]
BEAUTY SALON
[menacing laugh]
FOR RENT OR SALE
[man growling]
[growling continues]
[maniacal laugh]
-[clanks, creaks]
-[man cackling]
[cackling continues]
[man] No way. This is crazy.
[laughing continues]
[man] Oh, I love it.
[laughs]
[screams]
[Vincenzo gasps]
No! Get away!
-[man] It's me. It's me.
-Get away from me!
-It's me, Yeong-ho.
-[screams]
-You are not Yeong-ho!
-It's me, sir!
You took my cigarettes.
-Don't you recognize me?
-[shudders]
-Hui-su's son.
-Yeong-ho?
Yes!
[sucks teeth]
What are you… what are you doing?
I started my own underground
comedy channel.
Huh?
Underground what?
If you liked today's video, then please
subscribe and press the like button.
I'll be back with even better stuff
next week. See you!
[sighs]
How long have you been doing this?
Not long. I need a hobby
since I quit smoking.
You should go do your homework
instead of playing down here.
I'm better at doing this
than I am in school.
Just leave me alone.
[sighs]
You're such a scaredy-cat.
[Yeong-ho] This is so cool.
[chuckles]
My next show will be so creepy.
[TV reporter]
Coach Giuseppe Rossi of BC Milano,
a world-renowned Italian soccer team,
has started his four-day visit in Korea.
Coach Rossi who landed earlier
this morning
attended youth soccer matches
accompanied by his scouting team.
He announced that he's looking
for the next Son Heung-min.
According to a source from BC Milano,
they plan to scout promising players,
invite them to attend
a one-month tryout in Milan,
and give the selected players
next level training.
This has grabbed the attention
of soccer fans and players worldwide
who are looking forward to the discovery
of the next Son Heung-min.
[romantic music]
[romantic music continues]
[phone buzzes]
Hello?
[Mr. Cho] The architect just arrived.
He should be at his hotel soon.
Should we meet tomorrow?
No. Tonight is better.
[Jeokha] Mr. Cho.
Hello.
It's rather late for a meeting.
[chuckles]
All the better for your beautiful
bald heads to reflect the moonlight.
Pardon?
[chuckles]
Silly me.
No disrespect.
I have a few pressing questions
I was hoping to run by you.
Come to our temple, then.
No temples!
I… I have a new aversion
to enclosed or confined spaces.
Don't even get me started on the subway.
-The moonlight it is then.
-Thank you.
So, what's bothering you?
What's the hardest thing
about only eating vegetables?
And…
You learn all the chants but harder.
Do you play them by ear?
Can you improvise, you know?
And girls don't seem to go for monks.
Has that been your experience?
And that's it for now.
[nervous chuckle]
[Professor Kim sighs]
[tense music]
Hmm.
How does it look, Professor Kim?
It looks a lot worse
than I thought it would.
It's a shoddy construction.
The support structure
is completely compromised.
That means what we've talked about
is not feasible.
I'm afraid 30 centimeters
is the maximum depth you could be drilling
and ensure it remains upright.
[tense music]
[clicks tongue]
[foreboding music]
[Joon-woo sighs]
More.
-Hmm?
-Drink some more.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
We're brothers. You don't need to do that.
[clicks tongue]
Okay.
-[sighs]
-Thank you.
[groans]
You ready?
Tomorrow's gonna be a whirlwind.
I know. It makes my head spin.
But I think I'll make you proud.
We each have a role now.
You're the business,
and I'm the law. Okay?
Yes, sir.
I recently realized that our old man
was right after all.
Don't offer praise even when it's earned,
and don't put your trust
in anyone's hands but your own.
I trust you absolutely.
No one else. Even more
than I trust myself, actually.
You know what, little brother?
If you'd been born a tad bit smarter,
I would've absolutely adored you.
[Joon-woo laughs]
[breathy laugh]
[chuckles]
I have a question.
My chances of disappointing you
are pretty high, so…
will you take me out
like you did with Dad?
Hmm?
[eerie music]
Like what you did to Dad that day.
[munching]
[heart monitor beeps]
This is what you told me
when I started middle school.
"To be successful in business,
write your own story.
Don't leave it up to someone else."
That's good advice, Dad.
[scoffs]
[heart monitor beeping]
[beeping continues]
[ominous music]
Bye, old bastard.
I hope Mom punches you when…
[chuckles]
You won't be seeing her.
You're going face-first into hell.
[heart monitor wails]
[ominous music]
[knocks on wall]
Sorry. Daddy's gone.
[Joon-woo] You knew?
That I got rid of the bastard?
Yes. Of course, I always knew.
[Joon-woo exhales]
You've been pretending, have you?
Good-looking and smart little Han-seo.
[laughs]
You made me so proud.
[grunts]
Ugh! All this time, I've had a brilliant
little brother right here.
[Joon-woo chuckles]
Thank you, big brother.
Thank you for saying that.
There's just one thing.
I don't like your eyes these days.
It looked too much like Dad.
[tense music]
[stammers]
Well, I'm actually…
totally sleep-deprived these days.
I can hardly keep my eyes open.
I was just messing with you.
You're his son. So of course,
you're gonna resemble him somehow.
[ominous music]
[sighs]
Here.
Want one?
Uh…
-Of course you do. Here.
-[grunts]
[ominous music]
[grunts]
[distant car horn honks]
[both sigh]
[Vincenzo] We've run out of options.
The Plaza will be demolished in a week.
We don't have any safe ways
to access the basement.
[exhales]
And throwing more parties
is not an option.
Demolishing it on our own terms
might be something to think about.
Unless we have the entire police force
and city government on our side,
it won't happen.
-[Mr. Cho sighs]
-I'm scouring my brain for ways…
to stall for more time.
Have you come up with anything good?
Good is not the word.
Just a simple play that I've used before.
It's pretty much a Hail Mary.
[mysterious music]
Oh, you idiot!
[slurps]
[burbles]
[clinks]
[mysterious music continues]
[exhales]
[soft percussive music]
TO NOT HAVE IS TO HAVE
[piano music playing]
[bangs on piano]
4 DAYS AGO
[ominous music]
[Mr. Lee] By the way, Gilbert,
you did tell us your name was Gilbert,
didn't you?
-Gilbeot, actually.
-Okay?
Gilbeot.
"Your friend on the road."
[chuckles]
[all laugh]
-A wanderer.
-I see.
So it means, "a friend on the street"?
I thought you were from the US.
I'm dying to hear your important news.
We share food, you share information.
Right.
This building is full of gold.
Gold bars. Tons of bars!
[all laugh]
-[Mr. Lee] Come on.
-[laughing continues]
I saw it… with my own eyes.
You saw gold in this building?
A picture of the gold bars stacked up
by the people who died.
Who died in this building?
Several years ago…
I happened to be hiding in a bar
to steal something to eat.
The men who'd moved the gold in here…
they were all celebrating in there.
They were having a good time bragging
about the 12 billion won's worth of gold
they stacked here below the ground.
-[laughter]
-Cheers!
-Good job. Well done!
-[man 1] Whoo!
-[man 2] Yes.
-I still can't believe…
-I've never seen so much gold in my life.
[overlapping chatter]
[goon] Hello.
[bar owner gasps]
[man groans]
-[clattering]
-[grunting]
[dishes clatter]
[man grunting, whimpering]
[ominous music]
[Mi-ri] So, you're saying
that someone went into the bar
and murdered all the men
who moved the gold?
-[glass clinks]
-[burps]
Exactly. Because they wanted
a secret room.
The man who hid the gold bars…
That's a giant load of baloney.
We made you pizza
and you try to make fools of us.
I'm telling the truth.
-You think I'm lying?
-Oh, no.
[tenants] No, no, no.
-[Toto] Take it easy.
-See this?
[clears throat]
Please turn on. Ah…
[Gilbeot] This phone belonged
to one of the workers who died that night.
[gasps]
Hey. Is that real gold behind him?
It looks like tons of gold bars.
Like you said.
They're hidden here somewhere underground.
So you're telling us all the gold…
is in the basement here?
All I heard is underground,
I'd be rich if I knew exactly where.
Oh, you're a lot of help, aren't you?
You're not actually buying this.
There's no gold hidden here.
I don't know. In this picture,
it all looked so shiny and real.
There are a lot of studios
that take photos like that.
[both laugh]
So the pictures are fake.
Or else, maybe billions of bars
are up on the roof.
-[Yeon-jin] No way.
-[all laugh]
It's a fun rumor though, isn't it?
[laughs]
Hilarious.
[Toto] There's never any truth
in rumors, right?
-[chuckles]
-Gilbeot, you sure gave us a good laugh.
[all laugh]
[indistinct chatter]
[mumbles]
Yeah, but I'm not kidding, though.
[tenants chatter indistinctly]
Ah…
[anchorman] Next in business news.
Chairman Jang Han-seo issued an apology
to the victims of Babel Chemicals,
promised to compensate them generously,
and vowed to implement improved
safety and prevention measures
starting immediately.
We were at the scene earlier today
where he issued his heartfelt apology
to the public.
Here's an excerpt.
[Han-seo] I would like to express
my deepest regret and apologies
to all of those concerned.
The…
the Babel family…
failed to protect his employees
and accepts full responsibility.
-I would like to personally…
-I hardly believe a word he's saying.
[Ju-sung] I agree. He should take
some acting lessons.
He doesn't sound sincere at all.
This press conference
isn't for the victims.
He's doing damage control to limit
the hit if they bring charges.
[gasps]
You're kidding! So embarrassing.
[continues gasping]
Someone posted this about Myung-hee
on the Anonymous Forum for Lawyers.
She tried to bribe Chief Prosecutor
Hwang Jin-tae and she failed miserably.
[both laugh]
How did people find out so fast?
Seocho-dong has tons of lawyers
willing to throw someone under the bus
-and hit them when they're down.
-Mm…
He has to be pretty well-off.
Wusang has deep pockets.
Hwang's been on the payroll
for the Josam Group
for the past two decades at least.
He doesn't need or want bribes.
He wants power to move up the ladder
and enter the political arena.
It's almost 11:00. We should really get
to the meeting with the tenants.
Look at that. Thank you.
[Cha-young] I'm sure you've heard already.
Mr. Cassano is trying
to make good on his promise.
He'll purchase a building in Sangchi-dong
and relocate all of you there
and offer free rent.
That's right.
I really want to choose the right building
so you can continue to live and work
in the same place.
-Thanks.
-Just like you told all of us before.
Sounds great. Right, everyone?
-Yeah, it sounds really nice.
-[overlapping chatter]
Wow, is this a sit-in?
All peace and love, and sunshine,
getting ready to release a flock of doves
into the sky?
You come here every morning.
What are you, the delivery guy?
We'd all be excited if you delivered
something besides gorillas.
The same goes for your face!
What did I say about interrupting me?
Shut it.
Sorry. He's a smart-ass
and begging for a fight.
I heard that you are all moving
to a new place. Where?
-Sangchi-dong.
How… did you hear about that?
Don't forget it's my neighborhood.
Huh, buddy?
Let me be the first to wish you well.
And as a parting gift,
I brought the contract
you're all meant to sign.
We're not going anywhere.
[Mr. Park] Excuse me?
Why not?
You don't want to relocate?
[Mr. Lee] Um, I guess you could say that.
This building is our home.
We're staying in our Geumga.
The Plaza's special.
We've all poured our hearts,
our sweat, our blood, and tears into it.
We're the lifeblood of this place.
The beating heart of the entire
Geumga-dong neighborhood community.
We must protect it.
What's wrong with you?
Sangchi-dong is much nicer.
I avoid it because it's not my turf
so you wouldn't see us anymore either.
We are not going anywhere.
We fight to the death for our plaza.
[overlapping chatter]
What do you think happened?
-[overlapping chatter]
-[Mr. Park] No. You said you'd sign it.
Hong-sik, you said you would go.
Rebel!
Rebel.
That is our new mission.
I'm tired of being weak.
We unite our forces and we dig in.
-[metal clangs]
-And hold the fort.
Geumga Plaza will survive. Unite!
Geumga Plaza rebellion. We fight!
-We must protect our plaza!
-[Toto] Oh!
-We fight! Fight!
-Fight for Geumga. Fight for Geumga!
[tenants] We fight! We fight!
Fight Geumga! Geumga! Geumga! Geumga!
-Geumga! Geumga!
-Fight! Fight!
-Fight for Geumga!
-All right!
-Geumga! Geumga! Geumga!
-Fight! Fight! Fight!
-Fight! Geumga!
-[women] Rebel! Rebel!
[tenants]
Rebel! Rebel! Rebel! Rebel! Rebel!
Now we've got a rebellion on our hands.
I just wanna strangle them
with their stupid chants.
-Why won't they just back down?
-I don't know.
What's next you think? Songs?
-♪ Here comes the day ♪
-[laughter]
[goons laugh]
Oh, classic. You are so off-key.
[laughs]
-Sorry, birdie.
-Okay. I've had it.
-[shouts]
-[overlapping clamors]
Let go! Hey, come on. Come on, get off me!
-Someone's calling me.
-[phone rings]
-[pants]
-[ringing continues]
Good morning, sir.
We're at the Plaza.
Demolition has the green light.
What in God's name has gotten into them?
Now they're not leaving?
[in Italian]
They said they'd go!
Why are they doing this to me? Why?
He still looks like
a million bucks even when he's angry.
[huffs]
And how do you look when you're angry?
[tense music]
[growls]
-Work on it.
-[door opens]
Hong Cha-young.
I'm busy. What do you want?
We're here to charge you
with embezzlement, malpractice,
violating client-attorney privilege,
forgery, and attempted bribery.
-Let's go.
-Back off.
She's not some professional criminal.
Those charges are ridiculous.
[detective 1] You need to step aside, sir.
You have absolutely no proof.
The proof is waiting at the station.
Ugh, Choi Myung-hee.
She's making sure I pay for her failure.
-Hah!
-How dramatic.
What's this? Hmm?
[detective 2] You're being unusually
cooperative so I'll just do it.
[detective 1] Come on.
[ominous music]
[detective 1 exhales]
These colors represent the Olympic flag.
Do you like them?
Each of these flash drives has evidence
of you breaking the law
and will get you in a lot of trouble.
Wusang employees are persistent.
They spent a lot
of time fabricating evidence.
We strongly object to the validity
of your supposed evidence.
What? Don't.
Object all you want
but my evidence
is gonna put you away for good.
[detective 1] Hey. It's this one, right?
-Or was it the blue, or green?
-[huffs]
[clanks]
[distant police siren wailing]
[sighs]
-[metal clanks]
-[Cha-young groans]
[Vincenzo sighs]
[Cha-young] Huh…
If ever…
they do manage
to make these charges stick somehow…
Let me see.
Three Olympic Games will take place
before I get out.
[scoffs]
Those flash drive colors were symbolic.
Pretty clever.
[mocking laughter]
I'm not sure this is funny.
It's much more serious than the last time.
I'm optimistic
and my lawyer can work magic.
[exhales]
I'm not sure.
They've put a lot of effort
into trying to frame you.
-[metal clanks]
-Then start doing something about it…
Mafia consigliere.
[ominous music]
Mafia is as Mafia does.
So get your Mafia on.
That's not my style.
-[Cha-young grunts]
-[metal rattles]
Would you please drop the act?
It's getting difficult playing dumb.
I don't… I don't work for…
-How did you know?
-Hmm.
[Vincenzo clears throat]
First, you break
into Chairman Jang's place,
then burned down the warehouse.
You seem very comfortable with guns
and acquire confidential information.
Only people with certain resources
do that.
How naive do you think I am?
Old Mafia, new Mafia.
Mafia every chance you get.
Only a fool would have missed it.
-[Vincenzo clears throat]
-[metal clanks]
Please.
Work your magic or pretty soon,
they're gonna transfer me out.
And those prison uniforms are hideous.
Okay, I'll take care of it.
Like my father would.
[light music]
I will pretend I didn't hear that.
I don't wanna see you
unless you're ready to bust me out. Mm.
[light music continues]
[exhales deeply]
[clinks]
[foreboding music]
[Cha-young] Someone posted this
about Myung-hee.
She tried to bribe Chief Prosecutor
Hwang Jin-tae and she failed miserably.
[engine revs]
[lighter clinks]
-[man] I'm going all-in.
-[dealer] Going all-in.
No more bets, please.
Player. Banker. Player. Banker.
Player's cards.
Banker's cards.
[rock music]
Banker, standing on seven.
Player, six. Banker wins.
[man groans]
[rock music continues]
Bet on the player.
I don't think so.
I enjoyed betting on the banker.
Oh.
[chuckles]
You're not a good gambler,
are you, Ms. Choi.
People who always win their bets…
are con artists.
No more bets.
-Player. Banker.
-[exhales]
[dealer] Player. Banker.
Player's cards.
Banker's cards.
[rock music]
Banker, a natural eight.
Player, open.
[rock music rises]
-Player, a natural nine. The player wins.
-[sighs]
There goes my streak.
[rock music continues]
[chip clinks]
[Vincenzo sighs]
Let me guess why you're here.
It's Hong Cha-young.
She'll be thrown in jail in two days.
The answer is no.
I will not be cutting a deal with you.
You've got nothing I'm interested in.
[breathes deeply]
Prosecutor Hwang Jin-tae.
Word is he interests you plenty?
Word travels fast in Seocho-dong, hmm?
[Vincenzo scoffs]
I'll buy Prosecutor Hwang for you.
-You drop Ms. Hong's charges.
-[chuckles]
[mysterious music]
I hold up my end…
and get the prosecutor on your payroll.
You drop all charges against Ms. Hong.
CONTRACT
Oh.
Here's a pen if you need it.
You're pulling my leg, right?
[chuckles]
Trying to play cool.
I guess I'm being too friendly.
I could wait for laundry night.
[scoffs]
[cackles]
-[gasps]
-I know but I'm serious.
I'm laughing because
you have no issue trusting someone
who tried to murder you.
[ominous music]
Working with the enemy
usually turns out well for me.
Of course,
it's not an easy decision to make.
[ominous music]
-[boy 1 grunts]
-[boy 2] Hey.
-[coach] That's it.
-[boy 3] Over here.
[indistinct chatter]
Try to get a little quicker on the pass.
This is a crisp pass.
-[coach] Okay, boys?
-Go. Get it.
Good. Don't.
[groans]
No.
[Mr. Hwang] Mm.
[boy 4] Watch out.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
You got it. Take it.
[coach] Yes!
-Beautiful, beautiful. Way to go.
-[crowd cheer]
[coach] Yes.
[applause]
[coach] Spread out a little bit.
-[coach] Good.
-[Mr. Hwang] Pass it. Pass. Other side.
Watch the defense.
Have you heard?
Huh?
Italy's BC Milano Coach Giuseppe Rossi
is scouting the country right now.
[sighs]
Everybody heard.
Rumor is he plans to watch every team
in our association in action
except for our boys.
He must have heard
we can't do anything right so why bother.
-Yours is number 21, right?
-[Mr. Hwang] Yes.
How do you know that?
He stands out.
[laughs]
Yes, he does.
Are you one of the new parents?
No, I'm here to discuss some business.
The legal type.
Who sent you?
Choi Myung-hee said
we could help each other.
You two are completely out of your minds.
You need to leave.
Now. Go.
All I'm asking for is one minute.
I can't even give you a second.
Take Ms. Choi's offer, Prosecutor Hwang,
and I promise to make
your greatest wish a reality.
[inhales deeply]
Let's hear what you think
is my greatest wish.
You want your son to play professionally.
Preferably in the European market.
I can make that wish come true.
Give me 24 hours.
Bullshit you have that kind of pull.
Nobody does.
Oh.
-[boys cheering]
-[applause]
-[boy 1] No way!
-[boy 2] It's really him!
Come on!
Who's that?
[crowd gasp]
[indistinct chatter]
-[Mr. Hwang] He actually came.
-[coach] Mr. Hwang.
Unfortunately, nobody told me
Giuseppe Rossi would be coming.
I didn't know,
or I would have told the parents.
Number 21.
-Oh, you're so lucky.
-Me?
He said 21.
Vincenzo!
Giuseppe!
[in Italian]
How are you?
Very good. Thanks.
Is this the guy? Number 21?
Yes.
He's the worst player here.
Yes, it's him. I'm sorry.
Don't worry about it.
-[boy 1] Whoa.
-[boy 2] Wow.
[in Korean]
[boy 3] I'm so jealous.
We're close.
[Mr. Hwang gasps]
Yes!
[phone buzzes]
SNAKE HWANG
ATTORNEY CHOI MYUNG-HEE
[buzzing continues]
Hello, Chief Hwang.
[sighs]
That partnership offer, I need details.
Uh, do you really mean that, sir?
Yes.
Yes, yes. Just surprised.
Thank you so much for calling me.
[scoffs]
[rock music]
[clanking, creaking]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]
[exhales]
How on earth did you do it? Spill.
Let's go outside first.
Hmm.
I hope we never see you again.
You're a terrible guest.
You're an awful host.
[grunts]
Drama queen.
Thank you.
[Cha-young hums]
Juicy details, let's go.
Come on. What did you do
to get me out? Hmm?
I made a deal with Choi Myung-hee.
What kind of deal?
I…
I had to play the only card I had
which was buying Prosecutor Hwang.
I traded him for your release.
[somber music]
[sighs]
You're telling me…
not only did you cut a deal
with that witch Myung-hee,
who is the worst person on Earth,
but you also handed her
the current chief prosecutor
so I wouldn't be transferred?
[huffs]
Yes, pretty much.
I had no choice.
[sighs]
Nice.
That's what I'm talking about. Well done.
So Mafia.
Did you make her an offer
she couldn't refuse, hmm?
That Mafia business works.
I knew you could do it.
-Consigliere rocks!
-Could you please keep it down?
Come on, let's go.
He's in the Mafia. Isn't that impressive?
You should talk to him.
-He has the best stories.
-She's tired.
-Been a long visit. Sorry.
-[laughs]
[Cha-young] I didn't know
this was possible in Korea.
So exciting.
[chuckles]
-[Mr. Lee grunts]
-[Yeon-jin chuckles]
-[Mr. Lee] Here we go.
-[Yeon-jin] Honey, these are heavy.
-Take them for me.
-[Mr. Lee] Here. Hand them over.
[gasps]
Did you buy those?
I wish. We're borrowing them
from the protesters down the street.
We need the people to know
why we're fighting.
Every rebellion starts
with a strong message.
These posters just make me
wanna fight, ah, even more.
[all laugh]
Is this the protest?
[gasps]
You look like a goddess.
I've never seen you dress like that.
Stop it.
[giggles]
You're the first ones to see it.
Today is my birthday,
so I got myself a gift.
-Ah!
-We would've made you a cake
if you had told us. Right, honey?
It's all right. I hate cake.
What I want for my present though
is a whole lot of drinks.
-So finish early and head to my place.
-[all laugh]
-We're gonna party?
-Exactly.
I love to party!
-[Mr. Lee] Now twirl around.
-[Mr. Tak] Beautiful!
-[Hui-su] Do I look like a rebel?
-With no shoes.
Okay. These are the Babel
team leader's instructions.
An elite group of us goes in
without the trucks.
-Are the guys ready?
-[goons] Yes, sir.
This is important.
Uh, watch for the red jackets.
The protesters will be wearing red
so only go after them.
[goons] Yes, sir.
So you all brought bats.
-Hey, let's go!
-Sorry, boys.
I have quarterly taxes due today.
I need all your restaurant receipts.
You need those now? We're kind of busy.
-Well, the payment is due in 24 hours.
-Cough 'em up, guys.
Let's just get this over with,
so she can do the taxes. Come on.
Good. Now who paid
for the jjolmyeon yesterday?
-[Su-nam] Here. I have it.
-Is this it?
Someone ordered extra?
[tense music]
WE OPPOSE DEMOLITION FIGHT
[truck rumbling]
[tires screech]
Oh.
Are we in a hurry?
Yes, we are. It's starting soon.
What's starting?
-Park Seok-do is raiding the Plaza.
-What?
Is there some kind of plan
or you're just rushing into the line?
It's all planned out.
I'm the one who made sure
they would raid the building tonight.
Park Seok-do's men will raid the Plaza
and assault the tenants,
and I will get someone to film it.
And then we can post the video
on social media.
They'll have to hold off on the demolition
because of the local uproar.
It's fairly risky for the tenants, though.
I agree.
Our tenants don't carry bats.
Pick a dozen guys who can throw a punch
and are willing to act like protesters.
They trade a few blows,
then go back to bed…
once it's on film.
[Mr. Cho] How will I know
who can throw a few punches?
Yeong-ho.
I need you to do me a favor
and I need you to post it right away.
Sorry. I don't have time for favors.
Hmm.
[gasps, grunts]
Okay. Let go.
I'm free after all.
You need to order Park Seok-do
to organize a raid.
Park Seok-do is a loose cannon.
I can't guarantee
nobody will get hurt or worse.
They'll recognize the protesters.
In red jackets. These men should be able
to pick them out.
[car engine revs]
Sounds pretty Mafia.
It's hardcore, unexpected and thorough.
[groans]
Can…
Can you please stop making it
all about the Mafia?
Hey, Mafia is as Mafia does.
You prefer Yakuza instead?
[operatic singing]
♪ Mafia ♪
Oh!
[engine revs]
[tense music]
[phone buzzes]
Yeah?
The health center?
What?
And they tested positive?
-[tenants cheering]
-[Toto] Bravo.
Thank you so much.
I love it, I love it, I love it.
[singing in Korean]
♪ I want to bury my face ♪
♪ In your chest ♪
♪ And cry today ♪
He's taking forever.
♪ Sailing across ♪
-We need another round here.
-♪ The river of time ♪
Shh!
[phone beeps]
[engine rumbling]
[tires screech]
[Su-nam] Hey!
No spaghetti with nails tonight?
No.
Sorry.
You don't seem very sorry.
Whoa! Red jacket!
-He's a protester.
-Oh, hello.
-[Su-nam] Hey! Get him.
-[clamoring]
-[grunting]
-[thwacking]
[thumping]
[singing in Korean]
♪ In our dreams ♪
[all cheering]
♪ How long ♪
♪ Must I wait ♪
[all whooping]
♪ To see you? ♪
-Ma!
-[all singing]
You need to come with me, please!
We're having a good time.
I'm wearing a new dress,
and I'm having fun for once.
I know, but it's that guy Park Seok-do.
They are beating up Mr. An.
-Huh?
-What?
Damn it!
Outside?
Those assholes
have really asked for it now.
Prepare for war!
You mess with the wrong gang, assholes.
The battle is on, people. Let's go.
-Nobody beats my apprentice!
-[clamor]
[indistinct chatter]
-[tenants shouting]
-Come on, guys! We can do this!
Don't worry!
[clamor]
-[Hui-su] Let's go!
-[Larry] We fight!
-[grunting]
-[thwacking]
[tenants screaming]
[fanfare music]
[fanfare music continues]
[fanfare music rises]
[truck rumbling]
[people shouting]
-Ooh! It looks like a fight.
-[people screaming]
[phone buzzes]
I just got here now.
Yes, I can hear it.
Just the right amount of screaming.
Sorry?
Screaming is not
what you wanna be hearing.
None of the guys I hired
were able to make it.
They all went to the hospital
to get tested.
[Mr. Cho] One of them might have been
in contact with somebody
who's positive, so they turned around
and went to the medical center.
[scoffs]
Okay, but who's battling
outside the Plaza then?
[people screaming]
[Cha-young]
Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
[people screaming]
[rock music]
Something about this looks familiar,
doesn't it?
[rock music continues]
SPECIAL THANKS TO CHA SOON-BAE
AND KIM BYUNG-JI
[Cha-young] We have to stop
this investment at all costs.
You do know
that I still have your case, right?
You know what, don't waste your breath.
[Vincenzo] Is there another way?
There is a way to stop the investment
and bring down the president.
[Vincenzo]
And villains don't deserve to love.
Not everyone deserves to love.
[Joon-woo] I need someone who can be
the devil himself for me.
This is it! This is exactly what I wanted!
[Vincenzo] Looks like I'll have
to break the promise I made
that I wouldn't hurt anyone.